_pages/resume.md, before:

---
# layout: archive
title: "Resume"
permalink: /resume/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /cv
---

{% include base_path %}

## Education

MPhil Advanced Computer Science, University of Cambridge
: _October 2024 -- Present_

MEng Computer Science, University College London
: _September 2020 -- June 2024_
: - **First Class Honours** (GPA 4.0 equivalent). Average grade: 80%.

## Research experience

Student Research Assistant, [Natural Language Processing Research Group](https://nlp.cs.ucl.ac.uk/), Department of Computer Science, UCL
: _October 2023 -- Present_
: London, UK
: **Data-Efficient Task Unlearning in Language Models**
: - Applied state-of-the-art optimisation-based machine unlearning methods to improve safety of a 1.3B parameter LLM.
: - Proposed a data-efficient method for unlearning broad capabilities (in contrast to removing specific information present in the training dataset) involving as little as 32 samples of undesired prompt-responses and neutral sample pairs.
: - Currently, scaling up the experiments to 8B parameter models and other tasks.
: **BritLLM**
: - Developed machine translation tool for English LLM benchmarks, and incorporated translated benchmark datasets into the [Language Model Evaluation Harness](https://github.com/britllm/lm-evaluation-harness).
: - Experimented with several hardware and software configurations for 3D parallelism in a multi-GPU distributed environment (_Megatron Core_, _Accelerate DeepSpeed_, _FSDP_, _CUDA_).
: - Our work is publicly available [here](https://llm.org.uk/).

Summer Research Intern, Department of Computer Science, UCL
: _August 2023 -- October 2023_
: London, UK
: - Conducted research on multilinguality of Large Language Models. Assessed the impact of tokenisation algorithms on the performance of multilingual transformer language models.

## Work experience

Software Engineering Intern, gLinux, Google
: _June 2023 -- September 2023_
: Munich, Germany
: - Designed and automated configuration generation for internal software end-to-end release pipelines.
: - Automated the setup of essential permission groups and software deployments to package repositories using the build system and internal CI tools.
: - Technologies used involved _Golang_, _Bazel_ with a significant share of several Google-specific internal projects and tools.

Extreme Blue Intern, IBM
: _June 2022 -- September 2022_
: Hursley, UK
: - Created a proof-of-concept of an immersive AR experience, focused on , supporting achieving client’s goal of 45% circular transactions.
: - Developed a REST API connecting AR application with client's website and a product database.
: - Technologies used included Microsoft _HoloLens_, _C#_, and _Unity_, in the AR platform, and _Python Flask_, _JS_, _Selenium_, and _mongoDB_ in the middleware.

Summer Studentship Intern, UCL
: _July 2021 -- August 2021_
: London, UK
: - Developed a [course on natural language processing (NLP)](https://github.com/TheRootOf3/ucl-nlp-notebook-series) for fellow students.
: - Covered machine learning fundamentals, text pre-processing, NLP classification models and word embeddings.

## Summer schools

[CMMRS 2024](https://cmmrs.mpi-sws.org/), Pre-doctoral Research School in Computer Science
: _August 2024_
: Saarbrücken, Germany

[EEML 2024](https://www.eeml.eu/), Eastern European Machine Learning Summer School
: _July 2024_
: Novi Sad (Нови Сад), Serbia
: - Presented our preliminary results on **Data-Efficient Task Unlearning in Language Models** during the poster session.

<!-- # Publications

  <ul>{% for post in site.publications reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul> -->

<!-- # Talks

  <ul>{% for post in site.talks reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-talk-cv.html  %}
  {% endfor %}</ul> -->

## Teaching

  <ul>{% for post in site.teaching reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>

## Service and leadership

Co-lead of the [Programming Tutor Initiative](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/computer-science/news/2022/mar/programming-tutor-scheme-peer-peer-support-new-undergraduate-students), UCL
: August 2022 -- April 2024
: - Co-organised a hiring process and managed the tutoring scheme at the university for more than 200 tutees and 20 tutors.
: - In free time, built a [cool website](https://uclcshub.github.io) providing information and additional resources to the computer science undergraduates in the department.

Head of Development, [UCL AI Society](https://uclaisociety.co.uk/)
: August 2023 -- June 2024
: - Led the society's Development Team, supporting initiatives such as [ClimateHack.AI 2023](https://climatehack.ai/competition/2023-24) and [ML Tutorial Series](https://uclaisociety.co.uk/our-initiatives/tutorials/).
: - Gave a guest talk on Natural Language Processing in the ML Tutorial Series, as well as appeared during the [Introduction to Python](https://youtu.be/adnK-hc2DmY?feature=shared&t=75) and the ClimateHack.AI 2023 Workshop!

Head of IT, [UCL Leaders Conference](https://uclleaders.co.uk/2023/)
: October 2022 -- January 2023
: - Coordinated the essential technical support for conference speakers and attendees during the event.
: - Developed [another cool website](https://uclleaders.co.uk/2023/) for the 2023 edition.

Commit message:

Fixed duplicate line in about me. Added links to the undergraduate dissertation.
Signed-off-by: TheRootOf3 <aceszablewski@gmail.com>

_pages/resume.md, after:

---
# layout: archive
title: "Resume"
permalink: /resume/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /cv
---

{% include base_path %}

## Education

MPhil Advanced Computer Science, University of Cambridge
: _October 2024 -- Present_

MEng Computer Science, University College London
: _September 2020 -- June 2024_
: - **First Class Honours** (GPA 4.0 equivalent). Average grade: 80%.
: - Undergraduate dissertation on **Language Model Adaptation for Low-Resource African Languages** \[[pdf](/files/undergrad_dissertation.pdf) \| [code](https://github.com/TheRootOf3/low-resource-language-model-adaptation)\].

## Research experience

Student Research Assistant, [Natural Language Processing Research Group](https://nlp.cs.ucl.ac.uk/), Department of Computer Science, UCL
: _October 2023 -- Present_
: London, UK
: **Data-Efficient Task Unlearning in Language Models**
: - Applied state-of-the-art optimisation-based machine unlearning methods to improve safety of a 1.3B parameter LLM.
: - Proposed a data-efficient method for unlearning broad capabilities (in contrast to removing specific information present in the training dataset) involving as little as 32 samples of undesired prompt-responses and neutral sample pairs.
: - Currently, scaling up the experiments to 8B parameter models and other tasks.
: **BritLLM**
: - Developed machine translation tool for English LLM benchmarks, and incorporated translated benchmark datasets into the [Language Model Evaluation Harness](https://github.com/britllm/lm-evaluation-harness).
: - Experimented with several hardware and software configurations for 3D parallelism in a multi-GPU distributed environment (_Megatron Core_, _Accelerate DeepSpeed_, _FSDP_, _CUDA_).
: - Our work is publicly available [here](https://llm.org.uk/).

Summer Research Internship, Department of Computer Science, UCL
: _August 2023 -- October 2023_
: London, UK
: - Conducted research on multilinguality of Large Language Models. Assessed the impact of tokenisation algorithms on the performance of multilingual transformer language models.

## Work experience

Software Engineering Intern, gLinux, Google
: _June 2023 -- September 2023_
: Munich, Germany
: - Designed and automated configuration generation for internal software end-to-end release pipelines.
: - Automated the setup of essential permission groups and software deployments to package repositories using the build system and internal CI tools.
: - Technologies used involved _Golang_, _Bazel_ with a significant share of several Google-specific internal projects and tools.

Extreme Blue Intern, IBM
: _June 2022 -- September 2022_
: Hursley, UK
: - Created a proof-of-concept of an immersive AR experience, focused on , supporting achieving client’s goal of 45% circular transactions.
: - Developed a REST API connecting AR application with client's website and a product database.
: - Technologies used included Microsoft _HoloLens_, _C#_, and _Unity_, in the AR platform, and _Python Flask_, _JS_, _Selenium_, and _mongoDB_ in the middleware.

Summer Studentship Intern, UCL
: _July 2021 -- August 2021_
: London, UK
: - Developed a [course on natural language processing (NLP)](https://github.com/TheRootOf3/ucl-nlp-notebook-series) for fellow students.
: - Covered machine learning fundamentals, text pre-processing, NLP classification models and word embeddings.

## Summer schools

[CMMRS 2024](https://cmmrs.mpi-sws.org/), Pre-doctoral Research School in Computer Science
: _August 2024_
: Saarbrücken, Germany

[EEML 2024](https://www.eeml.eu/), Eastern European Machine Learning Summer School
: _July 2024_
: Novi Sad (Нови Сад), Serbia
: - Presented our preliminary results on **Data-Efficient Task Unlearning in Language Models** during the poster session.

<!-- # Publications

  <ul>{% for post in site.publications reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul> -->

<!-- # Talks

  <ul>{% for post in site.talks reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-talk-cv.html  %}
  {% endfor %}</ul> -->

## Teaching

  <ul>{% for post in site.teaching reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>

## Service and leadership

Co-lead of the [Programming Tutor Initiative](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/computer-science/news/2022/mar/programming-tutor-scheme-peer-peer-support-new-undergraduate-students), UCL
: August 2022 -- April 2024
: - Co-organised a hiring process and managed the tutoring scheme at the university for more than 200 tutees and 20 tutors.
: - In free time, built a [cool website](https://uclcshub.github.io) providing information and additional resources to the computer science undergraduates in the department.

Head of Development, [UCL AI Society](https://uclaisociety.co.uk/)
: August 2023 -- June 2024
: - Led the society's Development Team, supporting initiatives such as [ClimateHack.AI 2023](https://climatehack.ai/competition/2023-24) and [ML Tutorial Series](https://uclaisociety.co.uk/our-initiatives/tutorials/).
: - Gave a guest talk on Natural Language Processing in the ML Tutorial Series, as well as appeared during the [Introduction to Python](https://youtu.be/adnK-hc2DmY?feature=shared&t=75) and the ClimateHack.AI 2023 Workshop!

Head of IT, [UCL Leaders Conference](https://uclleaders.co.uk/2023/)
: October 2022 -- January 2023
: - Coordinated the essential technical support for conference speakers and attendees during the event.
: - Developed [another cool website](https://uclleaders.co.uk/2023/) for the 2023 edition.
